Add libraries and license to README (#28)
rootstrap/django-base: README.md

|  [PyJWT](https://pypi.org/project/PyJWT/)  | A Python implementation of RFC 7519|
|  [python3-openid](https://pypi.org/project/python3-openid/)  | A set of Python packages to support use of the OpenID decentralized identity system|
|  [pytz](https://pypi.org/project/pytz/2005k/)  | World modern and historical timezone definitions|
|  [requests](https://pypi.org/project/requests/)  | Requests is the only Non-GMO HTTP library for Python, safe for human consumption|
|  [requests-oauthlib](https://github.com/requests/requests-oauthlib)  | OAuthlib support for Python-Requests!|
|  [six](https://pypi.org/project/six/)  | Six is a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library|
|  [sqlparse](https://pypi.org/project/sqlparse/)  | A non-validating SQL parser module. It provides support for parsing, splitting and formatting SQL statements|
|  [urllib3](https://pypi.org/project/urllib3/)  | A powerful, sanity-friendly HTTP client for Python|
|  [whitenoise](https://pypi.org/project/whitenoise/)  | Radically simplified static file serving for Python web apps|

## License

> React Redux Base is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Django Base is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
```

Author: Haha my bad

## Credits

> **React Redux Base** is maintained by [Rootstrap](http://www.rootstrap.com) with the help of our [contributors](https://github.com/rootstrap/react-redux-base/contributors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Django Base** is maintained by [Rootstrap](http://www.rootstrap.com) with the help of our [contributors](https://github.com/rootstrap/django-base/contributors).
```
